Add docker compose deployment for ROCm example (#1054)
opea-project/GenAIExamples: DocSum/docker_compose/amd/gpu/rocm/README.md

## 🚀 Start Microservices and MegaService

### Required Models

> We set default model as "Intel/neural-chat-7b-v3-3", change "LLM_MODEL_ID" in following setting if you want to use other models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default model is "Intel/neural-chat-7b-v3-3". Change "LLM_MODEL_ID" in environment variables below if you want to use another model.
```

> If use gated models, you also need to provide [huggingface token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens) to "HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN" environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If use gated models, you also need to provide [HuggingFace token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens) to "HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN" environment variable.
```

export DOCSUM_TGI_IMAGE="ghcr.io/huggingface/text-generation-inference:2.3.1-rocm"
export DOCSUM_LLM_MODEL_ID="Intel/neural-chat-7b-v3-3"
export HOST_IP=${host_ip}
export DOCSUM_TGI_SERVICE_PORT="18882"
export DOCSUM_TGI_LLM_ENDPOINT="http://${HOST_IP}:${DOCSUM_TGI_SERVICE_PORT}"
export DOCSUM_HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN=${your_hf_api_token}
export DOCSUM_LLM_SERVER_PORT="8008"
export DOCSUM_BACKEND_SERVER_PORT="8888"
export DOCSUM_FRONTEND_PORT="5173"
```

Note: Please replace with `host_ip` with your external IP address, do not use localhost.

Note: In order to limit access to a subset of GPUs, please pass each device individually using one or more -device /dev/dri/rendered<node>, where <node> is the card index, starting from 128. (https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/install-on-linux/en/latest/how-to/docker.html#docker-restrict-gpus)

Example for set isolation for 1 GPU

```
      - /dev/dri/card0:/dev/dri/card0
      - /dev/dri/renderD128:/dev/dri/renderD128
```

Example for set isolation for 2 GPUs

```
      - /dev/dri/card0:/dev/dri/card0
      - /dev/dri/renderD128:/dev/dri/renderD128
      - /dev/dri/card1:/dev/dri/card1
      - /dev/dri/renderD129:/dev/dri/renderD129
```

> Pelase find more information about accessing and restricting AMD GPUs in the link (https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/install-on-linux/en/latest/how-to/docker.html#docker-restrict-gpus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please find more information about accessing and restricting AMD GPUs in the link (https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/install-on-linux/en/latest/how-to/docker.html#docker-restrict-gpus)
```
